docs: updates to fix counter and deps (#80)
dfinity/cdk-rs: docs/modules/rust-guide/pages/rust-mul-deps.adoc

----
. Copy the `+dependencies+` setting from the `+multiply_deps_assets+` section and add it to the settings for the {lang} program.
+

> The `+dependencies+` setting enables you to import function for the specifies program, in this case the `+multiply_deps+` program written in {native}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `+dependencies+` setting enables you to import functions from the specified program, in this case, the `+multiply_deps+` program written in {native}.
```
